Guys, I'm just hewe to teww yowou aww abowout why de Mowowph Set is awguabwy de mowost genyewic awmowow set in aww of Wynncwaft. Fiwst of aww, yowou get wike a weasowonyabwe amowount of skiww powoints in bowoth agiwity and defense, which is a bit mowowe suwvivabiwity dan mowost mainstweam buiwds can cwaim to have. Sowome odew pewks of de Mowowph Set awe its wowow 6/4 manya wegen, vewy nyowowmaw heawth (13.5k), and 110% wowoot and XP bowonyus. De wowoot and XP bowonyus awe kind of hewpfuw, as it gives mowowph a use in XP gwinding, such as Gwowowbuwb Cave pawties and CUW pawties but it can onwy be equipped in its entiwety at endgame, when XP isn't of utmowost impowowtance. It can awso be used duwing wowootwunnying, but its 6/4 mw, avewage wawk speed, and bewowow avewage wowoot bowonyus makes it infewiowow to odew wowootwunnying buiwds. Dese uses awe fuwdew cowompwemented by de set's swightwy abowuv avewage suwvivabiwity, making it an okay chowoice fowow cowost-effective gwinding. It awso cowomes with -1 cowost in evewy speww and a minyimum of 70 intewwigence, meanying dat even de mowost cowostwy spewws, wike Auwa, awe stiww 3 manya, which is incwedibwy high fowow an endgame buiwd. Odew buiwds widowout weduced speww cowosts wowouwd spec at weast 94 skiww powoints into intewwigence to achieve de same effect, whiwe with Mowowph yowou onwy nyeed to spec 31 skiww powoints into intewwigence, dowough odew buiwds awmowost awways have enyowough skiww powoints to spawe. Dats a decwease, but in tewms of uvwaww manya sustain mowowph is actuawwy a wowot wowowse! Finyawwy, de mowost definying twait of de Mowowph Set is its wowow cowost. Mowowph Sets can be acquiwed fowow as wittwe as 1WE fowow de entiwe set! Odew buiwds nyeed sevewaw WE fowow a singwe item, ow even stacks of WE if dey awe using mydics! Dis showows howow wowow effowowt and swappy mowowph is, and fwowom its cheapnyess yowou can teww dat mowowph is nyowot dat gweat. I howope dat de infowowmatiowon I have bwowought hewe towoday has inspiwed yowou to nyowot use de Mowowph Set on yowouw nyext cwass, and nyeidew when yowou get to wevew 100. Dank yowou fowow weading.